Update 15-transferring-files.md (#245)
carpentries-incubator/hpc-intro: _episodes/15-transferring-files.md

Hit "Quickconnect" to connect. You should see your remote files appear on the right hand side of the
screen. You can drag-and-drop files between the left (local) and right (remote) sides of the screen
to transfer files. 

> Finally, if you need to move large files (typically larger than a gigabyte) from one remote computer to another remote computer, using `scp` or `rsync` between the two as this will likely be more efficient than using Filezilla (or related services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, if you need to move large files (typically larger than a gigabyte) from one remote computer to another remote computer, SSH in to the computer hosting the files and use `scp` or `rsync` to transfer over to the other. This will be more efficient than using FileZilla (or related applications) that would copy from the source to your local machine, then to the destination machine.
```

Author: Thanks.

> Finally, if you need to move large files (typically larger than a gigabyte) from one remote computer to another remote computer, using scp or rsync between the two remote computers will be more efficient than using Filezilla to move the file to your computer first and then to the second remote computer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, if you need to move large files (typically larger than a gigabyte) from one remote computer to another remote computer, using `scp` or `rsync` between the two as this will likely be more efficient than using Filezilla (or related services).
```

Reviewer: * Grammar of suggested change is not quite right. Either change "using" to "use," or drop the suggested "as this."
* Phrasing is subtle in both cases, and could easily be interpreted to mean "use `scp` or `rsync` from your local machine with remote A as the source and remote B as the destination," which is forbidden by the protocol. Suggest rephrasing to clarify *logging in* to the source remote, and using `scp` or `rsync` to copy from that machine to the second remote.

Author: Thanks.
